Are we taking Elías' daughter?
The batteries are fully charged. right?
Who are you?
What did you crash into this time. Lloyd?
The clock
She’s flying toward the sun!
We've lost our engines!
I found her.
she should have him
Tell her.
Krem possesses the strength of a thousand men
He tears little girl to pieces.
Sorry. there are a lot of people.
Is it now? I thought we had more time.
Me too. but krypton's core is too unstable.
It's going to explode in a few minutes.
I activated the force field. We have to go.
Alura!
Now!
Is that him?
Yes. it's Kal-El.
Your brother declared him conqueror of the worlds.
It is time.
Are we fools. Zor-El?
We're we supposed to listen to your brother?
We cannot see our daughter as some kind of goddess...
...to send to another planet...
We have received all of this for a reason.
We must believe in a future here.
Kara. where are you?
Tell me.
When Argo City split off. a deep...
Exposed crystalline mineral hidden in the planet.
Kryptonite.
The soil was poisoned.
The people all over Argo are sick...
and it's spreading.
Can we do something?
Kara.
What is all this?
The attempt to protect Argo with my force field has failed.
The radiation has also affected me.
We will not let him catch you.
I found my brother's designs for the escape pod
I made it big enough for you.
You will follow your cousin Kal-El.
You will create a new home for yourself on Earth.
No!
This is my home.
My only home.
Let the radiation also affect me.
Then I will be buried next to you and Mother.
I am only a small life.
What difference does it make whether I live or die?
You are not just a small life.
You are your mother's life.
You are my life.
You are the future of our souls.
My child...
That is the reason why you must live.
When I have gone...
you have to promise me something.
Of course. Mom.
Just be good.
That doesn't mean you can't be tough.
It's not that you have to be kind either.
But you must be good.
We don't choose our paths ourselves.
Your path will be arduous...
but of great importance.
Where you are going. you will have enormous powers.
Use it to protect those...
who cannot protect themselves.
Trust yourself.
You know what's right. Kara.
We are with you.
Bomar. stop! She's our daughter. we don't have a choice.
The girlfriends!
Get them!
A deal is a deal.
She must die.
I don't understand you.
Where am I?
Is this the Earth?
Are you Kal-El?
Krypto. be good. little one.
Be good.
Why is he wearing his underwear?
How can this be my home?
A dead Kryotonian...
...would make a great trophy.
I'm working on it.
Move your fat ass...
And bring them to Krem.
He will silence her.
Shut up and do what you're told.
Wherever you go. you will gain enormous powers.
You have to promise me something.
Use it to protect them.
who cannot protect themselves.